Update README and contributing guidelines (#3666)
langchain-ai/langchainjs: README.md

- Browser
- Deno

## 🤔 What is LangChain?

**LangChain** is a framework for developing applications powered by language models. It enables applications that:
- **Are context-aware**: connect a language model to sources of context (prompt instructions, few shot examples, content to ground its response in, etc.)
- **Reason**: rely on a language model to reason (about how to answer based on provided context, what actions to take, etc.)

This framework consists of several parts.

> - **LangChain Libraries**: The Python and JavaScript libraries. Contains interfaces and integrations for a myriad of components, a basic run time for combining these components into chains and agents, and off-the-shelf implementations of chains and agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **LangChain Libraries**: The Python and JavaScript libraries. Contains interfaces and integrations for a myriad of components, a basic runtime for combining these components into chains and agents, and off-the-shelf implementations of chains and agents.
```
